docs: tw798 (#3270)
OffchainLabs/arbitrum-docs: docs/partials/glossary/_arbitrum-bridge-ui.mdx

titleforSort: Arbitrum Bridge UI
---

> Web application built and maintained by [Offchain Labs](/intro/glossary#offchain-labs) for user-interactions with the [Arbitrum Token Bridge](/intro/glossary#arb-token-bridge); visit it [here](https://bridge.arbitrum.io/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Web application built and maintained by [Offchain Labs](/intro/glossary#offchain-labs) for user interactions with the [Arbitrum Token Bridge](/intro/glossary#arb-token-bridge). Visit the [Arbitrum Bridge UI](https://bridge.arbitrum.io/).
```
